feat(github-actions): support ratchet comments (#27846)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/manager/github-actions/readme.md

  build:
    runs-on: ${{ env.RUNNER }}
```

The `github-action` manager understands `ratchet` comments, like `# ratchet:actions/checkout@v2.1.0`.
This means that Renovate will:

- update the version of a _pinned_ Ratchet version if needed

> - not delete Ratchet comments after parsing them

Reviewer: @art-shutter and @rarkins can you check this review comment?

> - not delete Ratchet comments after parsing them

Reviewer 2: @mkurde please open a new discussion and reference this pr

  build:
    runs-on: ${{ env.RUNNER }}
```

> The `github-action` manager also supports `ratchet` comments, like `# ratchet:actions/checkout@v2.1.0`. Please refer to the [ratchet documentation](https://github.com/sethvargo/ratchet/blob/main/README.md) for more information.

Author: I mean the ratchet comments with pinned versions would be taken into consideration as well as `# pin @2.1.0` comments. This also means that ratchet comments don't get deleted/modified after being parsed.
It is also the case, that `# ratchet:exclude` comments would not be deleted.

  build:
    runs-on: ${{ env.RUNNER }}
```

> The `github-action` manager also supports `ratchet` comments, like `# ratchet:actions/checkout@v2.1.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `github-action` manager understands `ratchet` comments, like `# ratchet:actions/checkout@v2.1.0`.
This means that Renovate will:

- update the version of a _pinned_ Ratchet version if needed
- not delete/modify Ratchet comments after parsing them
- keep `# ratchet:exclude` comments

```

> I mean the ratchet comments with pinned versions would be taken into consideration as well as `# pin @2.1.0` comments. This also means that ratchet comments don't get deleted/modified after being parsed. It is also the case, that `# ratchet:exclude` comments would not be deleted.

I think a short list of the supported usecases/behavior would help understand what's going to happen.

Please review my suggestion for accuracy before applying it. :wink:
